EXTRACTIVE SUMMARY
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Google grants to Distributor a [* ] license during the Term to: (a) bundle the Distribution Products, in machine-readable binary code format only, solely with Distributor App(s); (b) distribute Bundles directly (or indirectly, subject to Clause 2.2 (Third Party Distribution)) to End Users in the Territory; (c) when indicated by the applicable Criteria Checker and requested by the End User in accordance with clause 3.2 (Form of Distribution Offering), install the Chrome Browser or the Google Toolbar (as applicable) on the End User's system using the Google Installers; and (d) reproduce (or have reproduced by Third Party Distributors as defined in Clause 2.2 (Third Party Distribution)), the Distribution Products to the extent necessary to exercise the rights granted in (a), (b) and (c). 8.4 Google will not be liable for breach of any of the warranties or other terms in this Agreement to the extent that the breach arises from: (a) use of the Products other than in accordance with normal operating procedures; (b) any alterations or maintenance to the Products done by anyone other than Google or someone authorised by Google; (c) any problem with a computer on which the Products are installed, or with any equipment connected to that computer or any other software which is installed on that computer; (d) any abnormal or incorrect operating conditions; or (e) use of the Products in combination with any other hardware or software, unless this use has been approved by Google in writing. 10.2 Google will not have any obligations or liability under this Clause 10 in relation to any IP Claim arising from: (a) use of the Products or Google Trademarks in a modified form or in combination with materials not furnished by Google; (b) use of the Products or Google Trademarks other than in accordance with this Agreement; or (c) any content, information or data provided to Google by Distributor, End Users or any other third parties; 10.3 Google may (at its sole discretion) suspend Distributors distribution or use of the Products or the Google Trademarks which are alleged, or believed by Google, to infringe any third party's Intellectual Property Rights, or modify such items to make them non-infringing. 10.4 Distributor [ * ] and will indemnify Google against all liabilities, costs, damages and expenses (including settlement costs approved in writing by Distributor and reasonable legal fees [ * ]) suffered or incurred by Google or any Google Group Company arising from: (a) Distributor's improper (ie not in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement including the Exhibits) or unauthorised, replication, packaging, marketing, distribution, or installation of the Products, including any breach of Clause 8.5 and any claims based on representations, warranties, or misrepresentations made by Distributor, (b) any claim from a third party that the Distributor App(s) infringe any third party copyright, trademark, or trade secret, or (c) any End - 12 - *Confidential treatment requested Google Confidential 10.5 The indemnification obligations set out in Clause 10.4(b) shall exist only if Google: (a) promptly notifies Distributor of such claim, (b) provides Distributor with reasonable information, assistance and cooperation in responding to and, where applicable, defending the lawsuit or proceeding, and (c) gives Distributor full control and sole authority over the defense and settlement of such claim. Point user to privacy policy Google Confidential - 33 - Google Confidential - 34 - Branding & Attribution The visible elements of the application should be easily identifiable to the end user Google Confidential - 35 - Implementation, Transparency and Deactivation The Application must permit end users to uninstall it in the customary place the applicable operating system has designated for adding or removing programs (e.g., Add/Remove Programs control panel in Windows) in a straightforward manner Google Confidential - 36 - Google Confidential - 37 - Implementation, Transparency and Deactivation The Application must contain (in an easily found location) clear and concise instructions on how it may be uninstalled Google Confidential - 38 - Bundling of Applications When bundling, the end user must be made aware of all the applications included prior to installation.

ABSTRACTIVE SUMMARY
"Chrome Browser" means the machine-readable binary code version of the Google Chrome browser provided to Distributor in connection with this Agreement. "Chrome Server Communication" means a communication that, as determined solely by Google, is sent for the purpose of indicating that an End User: (a) is [* ] to the [* ]; and (b) has kept the [* ] open for a minimum of [* ] during a [* ] (whether during the*. ] or a*. ] of the Chrome Browser. "Criteria Checker" is a set of software routines (and any updates "Distribution Products" means: "End User" means an end user customer of Distributor who is located in the Territory. "Google Toolbar" means the machine-readable binary code version of the Google toolbar for Internet Explorer provided to Distributor in connection with this Agreement. "False" means a "false" response (or equivalent negative response) given by the Criteria Checker. "Intellectual Property Rights" means all copyright, moral rights, patent rights, trade marks, design right, rights in or relating to databases. "IPO" means an initial public offering of all or any of the shares in Distributor or securities representing those shares for the purposes of being publically traded or quoted on an investment exchange. "[ * ]" means a [ * ] received by a party that, as determined solely by Google, meets the requirements set out in Clause 3.9. "Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached. "Territory" means those countries listed in Exhibit A, excluding any territory or state prohibited under Clause 11.5. "True" means a "true" response (or equivalent positive response) given by the Criteria Checker. Distributor may distribute Bundles to third parties solely for redistribution of such Bundles by those third parties directly to End Users. Distributor shall ensure that no Third Party Distributor bundles anything in or with Bundles without Google's prior written approval. Google grants to Distributor a limited, [ * ] license to use the Google Trademarks. Under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Google grants to Distributor a limited, [ * ] license during the Term to use the Google Trademarks. Google may request that Distributor distribute the latest version of the Distribution Products. Distributor shall comply, and shall ensure that each Third Party Distributor complies, with the Guidelines for Applications set out in Exhibit C. 3.4 Launch. Distributor shall begin distribution of Bundles in accordance with this Agreement ("Launch") within [ * ] days following the Effective Date (the date of such Launch, the "Launch Date") 3.5 Exclusivity. Distributor will provide Google with a report identifying, on a country-by-country basis, the total number of: (i) Bundles distributed; (ii) Installs Completed; (iii) Google Toolbar offers presented to End Users; and (iv) Chrome Browser offers. Google may audit Distributor's relevant records to confirm Distributor’s compliance with this Agreement. Google may audit Distributor's relevant records to confirm compliance with this Agreement. Google's auditor will only have access to those books and records of Distributor which are reasonably necessary to confirm such compliance. All payments under this Agreement are exclusive of taxes imposed by any governmental entity. Google shall promptly provide to Distributor a copy of an official tax receipt or other appropriate evidence of any taxes imposed on payments made under the Agreement. Google may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Distributor if: (a) Distributor breaches Clause 2 (License Grants and Restrictions), Clause 3.6 (EULA), or Clause 6 (Confidential Information), or (b) if Google believes, in good faith, that the Distributor has violated or caused Google to violate any Anti-Bribery Laws (as defined in Clause 8.5) Google may require the suspension of all distributions of Bundles in such country or territory until such time as such law, restriction or regulation is repealed, nullified or modified such that it is no longer illegal or a Substantial Burden (in the case of Google), as applicable. If a period of Special Suspension extends for more than [ * ] may then terminate this Agreement (in part) in respect of the affected country or territories.  Clauses 5.6 (Effect of Termination), 6 (Confidential Information), 7 (Proprietary Rights), 9 (Limitation of Liability), 10 (Indemnification) and 11 (General) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Distributor has, and shall acquire, no rights in the foregoing except those expressly granted by this Agreement. Google shall not be restricted from selling, licensing, modifying, or otherwise distributing the Products and/or the Google Trademarks to any third party. Google warrants that the Distribution Products will be free from any defect which has a materially adverse effect on their use or operation.  Distributor will comply with all applicable commercial and public anti-bribery laws. No conditions, warranties or other terms apply to the Products, [ * ] or to any other goods or services supplied under this Agreement unless expressly set out in this Agreement. Neither party shall be liable under this Agreement (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) for any: (a) loss of anticipated savings; (b) loss. of business opportunity (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not include loss of advertising. revenue); (c) loss or damage resulting from third party claims; or (e) indirect or consequential losses; suffered or incurred by the other party. Google will indemnify Distributor against all liabilities, costs, damages and expenses. Google will not have any obligations or liability under this Clause 10 in relation to any IP Claim arising from: (a) use of the Products or Google Trademarks in a modified form or in combination with materials not furnished by Google; or (c) any content, information or data provided to Google by Distributor, End Users or other third parties. 10.5 The indemnification obligations set out in Clause 10.4(b) shall exist only if Google: (a) promptly notifies Distributor of such claim, (b) provides Distributor with reasonable information, assistance and cooperation in responding to and defending the lawsuit or proceeding, and (c) gives Distributor full control and sole authority over the defense and settlement of such claims. Google may join in defense with counsel of its choice at its own expense. Distributor shall comply with all applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. Unless Distributor obtains prior authorisation required by applicable Export Laws, Distributor shall not export any Product to Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria. In entering into this Agreement neither party has relied on any statement, representation or warranty not expressly set out in this Agreement.  relating to the same. DISTRIBUTOR GOOGLE INC /[ * ] /s/ [ * ] By By Chrome Browser shall auto-launch immediately prior to the launch of the Distributor App. Chrome Browser shall contain exactly two (2) tabs, with the first tab set to google.com, and the second tabset to http://tools.google.com/chrome/intlfen-US/welcome.html (or such other URL as Google may specify) No advertisements, offers, or other communications shall appear between launch of a Distributor app and launch of Chrome Browser. Google has observed a significant increase in the number of reports of software engaging in deceptive, malicious and other annoying practices. Google does not wish to be associated with these types of practices. In no event shall the tabs in the Chrome Browser or the Omnibox be hidden behind a Distributor App. Google has established the following Guidelines to apply to customer Applications that are bundled with any Google Application. Google does not grant permission to bundle any Application with a Google Application unless you ensure that any such Application specified in the agreement between you and Google that incorporated these Guidelines complies with these Guidelines. You may bundle Google Applications with Applications only to the extent permitted in the signed written agreement into which these Guidelines have been incorporated. To obtain Google's approval for any Applications not expressly approved in your agreement, you must submit a written request. Your Application, and any related collateral material, must not contain any Google branding, trademarks or attribution. You may not bundle any Google Application with any Application that collects or transmits to any entity other than the end user personally identifiable information. You may not interfere with an end user's Web navigation or browsing or the use of his or her computer. You and any third party distributing or bundling your Application: 4.2 Disclosure and Consent for Collection and Transmission of Personally Identifiable information. 4.3 Disclosure and Consent for Setting Changes. You may not bundle any Google Application with any Application that makes a change to any operating system or Application data setting which will impact the user experience of other Applications. You must first, fully, accurately, clearly and conspicuously disclose to end users: (i) that they are installing an application. Your privacy policy must be accessible from your Application in an easily found location. Neither you nor any of your third party distribution or bundling partners may mislead end users or create end user confusion with regard to the source or owner of an Application. You may not bundle any Google Application with any Application that impairs an end user's ability to change any preferences or settings set by the Application. Once disabled, your Application may not be re-enabled without an affirmative action by the end user to explicitly re- enable your application. You must maintain ownership and control of your Application at all times to the extent required to practically and legally enforce the requirements of these guidelines. If you are seeking to permit a third party Application to be bundled with a Google Application, then you must also obtain Google's written approval. You must provide such assistance as Google may reasonably request. 10.2 Extended Compliance Period. If, solely as a result of an updated requirement, one or more of your Applications no longer complies with these Guidelines, as updated, and you are incapable of bringing such Application into compliance prior to the scheduled effective date of such update (the "Update Effective Date"), you agree to provide Google with written notice thereof. The application may not impact the display of other applications unless you provide clear disclosure in each instance. The Application must permit end users to uninstall it in the customary place the applicable operating system has designated.

ROUGE SCORES
{'rouge1': Score(precision=0.3251318101933216, recall=0.8173784977908689, fmeasure=0.46521374685666383), 'rougeL': Score(precision=0.14997070884592853, recall=0.37702503681885124, fmeasure=0.2145850796311819)}