EXTRACTIVE SUMMARY
The term "Hosted Site" shall mean the Web site of the Customer that is hosted by i-on under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Under this Agreement, i-on will provide the following limited services for the Hosted Site: 1. connectivity to the Internet via a T1 (that may be shared by other Web sites) to a leading Internet backbone access provider such as UUNET, and reasonable efforts to maintain such connectivity with the phone company and the Internet backbone access provider; 2. use of the Hosting Computer (that may be shared by other Web sites) as described in this Agreement and maintenance required to keep such Hosting Computer in good working order; 3. physical space for the Hosting Computer at a facility that maintains proper environmental conditions in the area(s) where the Hosting Computer is located and maintains reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to the physical location of the Hosting Computer; 4. an emergency electrical power backup system for the Hosting Computer; 5. up to 150 MB of mirrored computer storage on the Hosting Computer; 6. archival backups of such mirrored computer storage on a weekly basis; 2 7. off-site storage of such backups at separate facility than the location of the Hosting Computer; 8. use of the Microsoft Windows NT Server 4.0 or higher operating system software for the Hosting Computer and the Hosted Site; 9. use of the Microsoft Internet Information Service (IIS) 3.0 or higher Web server software for the Hosted Site (providing support for the HTTP Web protocol); 10. use of the Microsoft SQL Server 6.5 or higher database server software for the Hosted Site, within the boundaries of allocated computer storage, per #5 above; 11. access to the Hosted Site via the ftp protocol to an administrative account designated by the Customer for the Customer to maintain the Hosted Site's static content (such as HTML Web pages and computer graphics); 12. up to 10 mailboxes accessible via the POP3 mail protocol that are mapped to the Hosted Site's Internet address; 13. up to 1 hour per month of Web site administration services at no additional charge, limited to: requests for changes to ftp/e-mail users and passwords; requests for e-mail configuration changes; modification of mail aliases; changes to server MIME types; files restored from backup; answering questions about server-side scripts; ftp configuration changes; log file configuration changes; importing or exporting of database records; and consultation on site operation and administration. If the problem of which i-on is notified is not a problem that is the responsibility of i-on according to this Agreement, the time spent by i-on relating to the incident will count towards the Customer's monthly allocation of Web administration services, and any additional time 3 exceeding such allocation will be billed to the Customer at the rate set forth for such services. INDEMNIFICATION The Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless i-on, against any lawsuits, claims, damages, or liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof) to which i-on may become subject related to or arising out of Customer's use of i-on's services, and will reimburse i-on for all legal and other expenses, including attorney's fees, incurred in connection with investigating, defending, or settling any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, or proceeding whether or not in connection with pending or threatened litigation in which i-on is a party. Neither party is granted any such right or authority to assume or to create any obligation or responsibility, express or implied, on behalf of or in the name of the other party or to bind such other party in any manner.

ABSTRACTIVE SUMMARY
i-on will maintain the operation of the Hosted Site continuously, twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week, including holidays. The term "Hosted Site" shall mean the Web site of the Customer that is hosted by i-on under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Customer is responsible for paying i-on the recurring monthly fee in the amount of $450. The Customer acknowledges that failure to pay such fees in a timely manner will result in the interruption of services for the Hosted Site. i-on is solely responsible for all content on the Hosted Site, including but not limited to, HTML pages, graphics, sounds, animations, video clips, Java applets, client-site scripts such as JavaScript and VBScript features, ActiveX controls, and other files and/or executable components for use or download by the users. The Customer acknowledges that this Agreement is explicitly not an agreement for i-on to provide content creation or maintenance services. i-on reserves the right to deny the Customer permission to install any such programs, scripts, or components. The Customer shall use i-on's resources in a manner that is clearly consistent with the purposes of the products and services offered. The customer is responsible to use the resources with sensitivity to the rights of others. i-on will not be liable under any circumstances for any lost profits or other consequential damages. i-on's liability for damages to the Customer for any cause whatsoever, regardless of the form of action, and whether in contract or in tort, including negligence, shall be limited to one (1) month's fees and the remaining portion of any prepaid fees. The Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless i-On, against any lawsuits, claims, damages, or liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof) to which i- on may become subject. i-on will reimburse i-on for all legal and other expenses, including attorney's fees, incurred in connection with investigating, defending, or settling any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, or proceeding. The provisions of this Agreement relating to indemnification shall survive termination of the Customer's Hosted Site. Neither party is granted any such right or authority to assume or to create any obligation or responsibility, express or implied.  CENTRACK INTERNATIONAL, INC. deemed in default if its performance or obligations hereunder are delayed or become impossible or impractical by reason of any act of God, war, 5 fire, earthquake, labor dispute, sickness, accident, civil commotion, epidemic, act of government or government agency or offices.

ROUGE SCORES
{'rouge1': Score(precision=0.682983682983683, recall=0.47030497592295345, fmeasure=0.5570342205323193), 'rougeL': Score(precision=0.40559440559440557, recall=0.27929373996789725, fmeasure=0.3307984790874524)}