EXTRACTIVE SUMMARY
Neither party is granted any express or implied right of authority by the other party to assume or to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of or in the name of the other party, or to bind the other party in any manner or thing whatsoever. None of the parties hereto nor their associated or affiliated or affiliated companies shall during the term of this Agreement or thereafter disclose any confidential information obtained or acquired by them in connection with the Products and the business of the other, including, without limitation, trade secrets, business techniques, technical information, customer and potential customer lists, marketing data and information, prices, improvements to the Products in various stages of development, processes, or other confidential information relating to the Products or the business of the Distributor, except that either party shall be permitted to disclose (x) all or portions of such confidential information on a strictly need-to-know basis to the extent required by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction or by the order or demand of a regulatory body having jurisdiction over one or both parties and (y) any of such confidential information that is the sole property of the party making the disclosure and does not include any information owned by the other party. The Distributor acknowledges and agrees the except as provided by Section 1.2 of this Agreement, this Agreement will not be construed as granting by implication, estopped or otherwise any license or other right of use with respect to any present or future patent, copyright, trademark, trade name or other proprietary right owned by or licensed to the Company or any of its affiliates. As a condition to obtaining such consent, the Assignee of Distributor's interest hereunder shall first agree in writing in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, that is shall assume and be liable for the performance of all obligations imposes by this Agreement on Distributor, whether such obligations have then accrued are owing, or are yet to be performed, and shall demonstrate that is has the economic, and with approval of the assignment, the legal capability to perform all of the obligations of Distributor hereunder. The terms pursuant to which such other Products or devices shall be sold by Company to Distributor shall be determined by a separate agreement, but such agreement shall be essentially on the same terms and conditions as herein provided, understanding that such terms as price, quotas, and length of the term of the agreement shall be reasonably adjusted to reflect the nature of the other Product or device which is the subject of the agreement.

ABSTRACTIVE SUMMARY
Electric City Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Company") and Electric City of Illinois LLC ("Distributor") this 7th day of September, 1999. The Company is presently engaged in the business of selling an energy efficiency device, which is referred to as an "Energy Saver" The Distributor desires to become a distributor for the Company. The Company grants the Distributor the right to do business and use the name "Electric City of Illinois" or a similar variation thereof. The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years. The parties acknowledge that the terms herein consist of there terms for Illinois. The Distributor, at its own expense, shall promote the distribution, sales, and use of Products in the Market. The Distributor must use all commercially reasonably efforts to purchase for sale to subdistributors the following minimum quantities of the Products from the Company: $250,000.00 purchase order must be received by Company by the first of each month for a total (12) month period. Sales in excess of the expected sales which are actually made in a Product Year may be applied to meet the expectations for the next Product Year. If the Distributor shall fail to purchase the minimum number of units in any year, the Distributors exclusive rights to sell and distribute the Product in the Market, may at Company's sole option, be reevaluated. Neither party is granted any express or implied right of authority by the other party to assume or to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of or in the name of the other parties. The Company and the Distributor shall jointly determine shipment dates. All orders shall be subject to acceptance and confirmation by the Company. The Distributor agrees that the Company shall not be liable for its failure to perform due to any occurrence beyond the Company's reasonable control. All deliveries made pursuant to this Agreement shall be FOB the Company's facilities located within the continental United States by a carrier authorized by the Distributor. The Company reserves the right to increase or decrease the price per unit based on Company wide changes in unit prices. The distributor is not obligated to set retail prices within the Company's suggested range of retail prices. The Company shall cooperate with the Distributor in obtaining all necessary permits and approvals to permit the use of the Products. The Distributor shall pay Company within thirty (30) days of Distributor's or the end-user's receipt of Products. Company shall make reasonable efforts to maintain quality control and to deliver Products to Distributor. Company further warrants that the Products sold hereunder shall be free from defects in design, materials and workmanship for a period of twenty-four (24) months after delivery. Company shall not be liable for defective Products, except as provided in this Agreement. Company shall bear the reasonable expense of all labor, materials and shipping expended or used in connection with the correction of any defects in the Products. Company shall be entitled to dispute whether a Product is defective. The Distributor shall submit written reports to the Company each quarter during the first year of the Term, commencing ninety (90) days after execution of this Agreement. Confidential information shall not include information which: Is or becomes generally available to the party who desires to disclose such information. The termination of this Agreement shall not relieve either party hereto from obligations. The Company may repurchase any Products in the possession of the Distributor at the net invoice price paid. Repurchased Products shall be shipped at the Company's expense. Company and Distributor agree to indemnify, defend and hold each other harmless from any and all suits, claims, obligations, liabilities, damages, losses and the like. Company will make available to Distributor comprehensive technical support for the first Product Year. Company agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Distributor from and against all suits, claims, obligations, liabilities, damages, losses and the like (including attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or related to Company's manufacture or design of the Products. The Distributor agrees that it will not directly or indirectly solicit or hire any executive, managerial or technical employee of the Company or any of its affiliates. The Distributor acknowledges that the securities laws prohibit any person who has material, non-public information concerning the Company from purchasing or selling securities. The Company may assign its interest in this agreement to any person or entity which has authority to fulfill Company's obligations hereunder. Failure of either party to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement or any rights with respect thereto shall in no way be a waiver of such provisions, rights or elections. If any terms, provision, covenant, or condition of this. Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remainder of the. provisions shall remain in full force and effect. Company will provide Distributor with five (5) sample units (the "Sample" or "Samples") for use by Distributor in promoting sales. Distributor shall use the Samples for purposes of permitting potential customers to use the Products in the field. Company to Distributor shall be determined by a separate agreement, but such agreement shall be essentially on the same terms and conditions as herein provided. Such terms as price, quotas, and length of the term of the agreement may be reasonably adjusted to reflect the nature of the other Product.

ROUGE SCORES
{'rouge1': Score(precision=0.36163175303197354, recall=0.7454545454545455, fmeasure=0.4870081662954714), 'rougeL': Score(precision=0.18853362734288864, recall=0.3886363636363636, fmeasure=0.25389755011135856)}