EXTRACTIVE SUMMARY
SHIPPING ADVICE: The seller shall within 72 hours after the shipment of the goods, advise the shipping department of buyer by fax or E-mail of Contract No., goods name, quantity, value, number of packages, gross weight, measurements and the estimated arrival time of the goods at the destination. CLAIMS: Within 7 days after the arrival of the goods at destination, should the quality, specification, or quantity be found not in conformity with the stipulations of the Contract except those claims for which the insurance company or the owners of the vessel are liable, the Buyers, on the strength of the Inspection Certificate issued by the China Commodity Inspection Bureau, have the right to claim for replacement with new goods, or for compensation, and all the expenses (such as inspection charges, freight for returning the goods and for sending the replacement, insurance premium, storage and loading and unloading charges etc.) The Sellers, in accordance with the Buyers' claim, shall be responsible for the immediate elimination of the defect(s), complete or partial replacement of the commodity or shall devaluate the commodity according to the state of defect(s). The Sellers shall advise the Buyers immediately of the occurrence mentioned above and within fourteen days thereafter, the Sellers shall send by airmail to the Buyers a certificate of the accident issued by the competent government authorities, Chamber of Commerce or registered notary public of the place where the accident occurs as evidence thereof. LATE DELIVERY AND PENALTY: Should the Sellers fail to make delivery on time as stipulated in the Contract, with exception of Force Majeure causes specified in Clause 17 of this Contract, the Buyers shall agree to postpone the delivery on condition that the Sellers agree to pay a penalty which shall be deducted by the paying bank from the payment.

ABSTRACTIVE SUMMARY
The buyer entrusts the seller to purchase the products specified in this agreement. The seller shall be confirmed within three working days after receipt of order. If the seller finds order is not acceptable or need to modify, should note entrusted party in two working days. Packed in new strong wooden case(s) /carton(s), suitable for long distance transportation and for the change of climate. Well protected against rough handling, moisture, rain, corrosion, shocks, rust, and freezing. Seller liable for any damage and loss of the commodity. The Buyer's agent agrees to pay for the goods in accordance with the actual amount of the goods shipped. 80% of the system value being shipped will be paid against the documents stipulated in Clause 12.1. The Letter of Credit shall be valid until 90 days after the latest shipment is effected. The seller must advise the shipping department of buyer by fax or E-mail of goods name, quantity, value, number of packages, gross weight, measurements and the estimated arrival time of the goods at the destination. The Sellers guarantee that the commodity hereof is complies in all respects with the quality and specification stipulated in this Contract. Sellers shall send by airmail to the Buyers a certificate of the accident issued by the competent government authorities, Chamber of Commerce or registered notary public of the place where the accident occurs as evidence thereof. The penalty, however, shall not exceed 5% of the total value of the goods involved in the late delivery. The rate of penalty is charged at 0.5% for every seven days, odd days less than seven days should be counted as seven days. The Contract is made out in three originals in both Chinese and English. Conflicts between these two languages arising there from, if any, shall be subject to Chinese version. One copy for the Sellers, two copies for the Buyers.

ROUGE SCORES
{'rouge1': Score(precision=0.5754716981132075, recall=0.6059602649006622, fmeasure=0.5903225806451613), 'rougeL': Score(precision=0.3081761006289308, recall=0.32450331125827814, fmeasure=0.3161290322580645)}